Refactor/netcdf attrs (#2)
contrailcirrus/contrail-forecast: docs/specs/forecast-api.md

- the request is properly formed and interpretable, but the requested resource does not exist

### response headers
The following values must be populated in the response
header, to contextualize the nature of the data in the response
(imperative since the behavior of the API is not idempotent given the
above-mentioned behavior).

- `model_run_at`: `<%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S>`
- `model_prediction_at`: `<%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S>`
- `model_forecast_hour`: `<int>`

> `model_run_at` is the time at which the HRES meteorological model was executed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model_run_at` is the analysis time of the forecast.
```

> for those HRES forecasts used in running the CoCip model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is equivalent to the [`forecast_reference_time` as defined by CF conventions](https://confluence.ecmwf.int/display/COPSRV/Metadata+recommendations+for+encoding+NetCDF+products+based+on+CF+convention#MetadatarecommendationsforencodingNetCDFproductsbasedonCFconvention-3.3.1Analysistime:theforecastreferencetime).
```

> `model_predicted_at` is the time of the CoCip model prediction. i.e. it is the same as the `<ts>` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model_predicted_at` is the time of the model prediction, i.e. it is the same as the `<ts>` value
```

> passed in the API call, and the `time` of the data returned in the gridded netCDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passed in the API call, and the `time` of the data returned in the gridded netCDF.
This is the same as the [*valid time* as defined by CF Conventions](https://confluence.ecmwf.int/display/COPSRV/Metadata+recommendations+for+encoding+NetCDF+products+based+on+CF+convention#MetadatarecommendationsforencodingNetCDFproductsbasedonCFconvention-3.3.3Validtime).
```

`model_forecast_hour` is the difference, in hours, between `model_predicted_at` and `model_run_at`.

> It represents how far out the meteorological forecast is for a given CoCip output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It represents how far out the meteorological forecast is for a given model output.
This is the same as the [*forecast period* as defined by CF Conventions](https://confluence.ecmwf.int/display/COPSRV/Metadata+recommendations+for+encoding+NetCDF+products+based+on+CF+convention#MetadatarecommendationsforencodingNetCDFproductsbasedonCFconvention-3.3.2Forecast:theforecastperiod).
```
